1. Problems concerning billing and invoice.

1.1 Hello! I'm calling because I think there's something wrong with my current invoice. It should have been paid already, but it seems like my payment has not been processed. Could you help me?

1.2 I'm sure there's something gone wrong with my current payment. It doesn't show up as being paid, even though I did so 1 week before. I think there might be a problem somewhere.

1.3 My latest bill is showing me a wrong amount that I have to pay. I have a fixed pay per month, but here is more than usual.

1.4 I think you got my bill all wrong. There's no way that I have to pay that much money. Could you please check the issue?

1.5 What is happening with my bill? I think something is wrong because it shows me that I have to pay more than what I'm supposed to. Is this normal?

1.6 Could you please help me with my current bill? I think it shows more than it should. I don't think that this was supposed to happen, right?

1.7 Explain to me exactly why is my current bill showing more than usual. Is that the way you treat your customers? I demand immediate explanations. Right now.

1.8 OK, so the thing is that my current invoice doesn't appear in my history. Why is that? I've paid it already and have never been late with my payments. Also, on a bill that I've received 2 months ago, I was charged extra for no good reason. These are my issues right now.

1.9 The invoice that was sent to me is not on my name, I think you got it wrong. I know this because it's not the first time that this has happened to me.

1.10 It's the 3rd time that my invoice payment was declined . If you tell me that this is normal, I can assure you that it's not.

2. Billing and invoice interrogation requests.

2.1 Could you please give me some information about my current billing situation. I'm mostly interested in what happened in the previous 6 months. Thank you.

2.2 I'm requesting additional information about my last bill situation. Could you please help me with that?

2.3 Yeah, I want to find out more about my subscription. Could you help me with that?

2.4 What's the status with my billing as of now? Are there any late payments?

2.5 Could you send me the details of my latest bills and invoices, please?

2.6 I'm calling because I would like to find out more about my current invoice situation. What's the status on my subscription? Is there anything out of the ordinary that I should be aware of right now? That's because I'm seeing some small extra payments in my bill every month. I need to know what that's related to.

2.7 Provide me some information about my current billing situation, please. Oh, and what's my subscription's status, as well.

2.8 I'm calling for my subscription and billing status. Provide me with some detailed information over the last 4 months. I'm interested in additional costs, late payments, and future bonuses.

2.9 I'm calling for details about my invoice status, payments as well. Could you please provide me with some information?

2.10 I'm calling because, uh, there are some things I'd like to know about my last payment. Could you also include all payments from the last 3 months? I'd like to review them to see if something is wrong. I have a feeling that I'm receiving extra charges.