5. The procedure concerning the change of provider.

5.1 Hi! Would you kindly inform me about the procedure that handles the change of providers? I want to close my services and cancel my contract with Vodafone. I would also like to be informed of any additional charges that may appear if this is going to happen. 

5.2 Jesus Christ! (Fucking hell!) You people are truly (fucking) retarded with all your services and plans, and insanely high prices. Look, I want to move to another provider and I want to keep my current phone number. That's really important for me right now. So, move (your sorry ass) and do something, will you?

5.3 Alright, I'm trying to change my provider. I no longer want to cooperate with Vodafone, ever. Please spare me any negotiation attempts that are supposed to make me change my mind. You should be ashamed of the way you treat your customers. Alright, tell me how this should be done.

5.4 (Fuck your company!) Really now, how on earth could you ask me to pay that much money for my plan and yet I'm supposed to put up with every problem that your services have. I want to change my (fucking) provider, immediately. (Shit!), How can I move from here?

5.5	Does Vodafone allow provider change even though my contract has 1 more year until it expires? Do I need to wait for that to happen first or is it possible right now? I plan to leave the country definitely and keeping my contract is not really an option for me right now.

6. The costs of canceling a subscription.

6.1 I want to cancel my current subscription with Vodafone. My plan type is a RED (15/20/25/30) . Could you please instruct me on how to do this?

6.2 What would it cost me to cancel my telecom subscription? I'm not sure if closing it would bring some extra charges or not, actually. That's why I'm calling for.

6.3 Hello, can you hear me? I'm planning on canceling my ongoing subscription and payment plan, if possible. I'm not really satisfied with the services that I'm paying you for, so I want to terminate my account.

6.4 What's the standard procedure for canceling a subscription? That's because I want to cancel mine, actually. I've found out a better alternative from another provider company and I'm planning to switch in the following weeks.

6.5 Is canceling my payment plan possible right now? Just tell me where I should start first and if there are hidden costs or whatever that I should be aware of.

7. Subscription upgrade/downgrade.

7.1 Hello! Is it possible for me to move from my current monthly plan to one that has better services and options? I'm interested in unlimited mobile data and some streaming services that are included in the contract. Can you help me?

7.2 I want to change my payment plan. I really can't afford paying that much money anymore. Care to tell me how I can do this?

7.3 Can you change my payment option to something that's more suitable to my needs. I mean something cheaper compared to what I'm paying right now. It's been tough for me these last couple of months and I really don't think I can afford to pay this much, given my current situation. I hope you understand and that you're able to help me with this.

7.4 I really want to downgrade my monthly payment plan. I just can't afford it anymore. What are some cheaper plans that I can choose from? Could you tell me?

7.5 Is there something you can do with my payments. I want to opt for something cheaper than my monthly payment plan is. What alternatives do I have right now?

8. Client presenting himself.

8.1 This is Bradley Benedict Cooper. I'm calling for my invoice status.

8.2 My name is Jonathan McShaw. I'm interested in the iPhone X monthly payment plan.

8.3 My name is Ray Donovan. I'm calling to check if there are any issues with your roaming services right now.

8.4 Jim Miller speaking. Could you help me block a phone number? Or have it tracked?

8.5 John Wick at the phone. I think my mobile broadband dongle is broken. It says that it can't connect ot the Internet. maybe it's related to some signal issue.

8.6 This is Mary Moss speaking. I'm interested in what offers are available for long time clients. I've been a Vodafone client for over 7 years now.

8.7 Jane Bronson here. Is there a reason for my extra payments? I'm seeing every month that my invoice is slightly increasing in cost. I don't know why, really. Would you have a look, please?

8.8 Hello! This is Angela Pearson. Could you tell me when will the Samsung Galaxy 10 arrive in the Vodafone stores. I've been hearing rumors that next week it will become available to buy or to pre-order. Is that right?

8.9 Good evening! I'm Ana Peterson. I'm calling to request a monthly plan change.

8.10 Good afternoon! This is Abigail Griffin. I want to resign my contract with Vodafone.
