1. Networking/connectivity issues.

1.1 I'm having trouble lately with my phone signal. It's really low and it randomly jumps for short periods of time to it's normal state, but it falls back down. Are other clients experiencing this, or is it just me?

1.2 I can't seem to keep a stable reception signal with my new phone. I've just bought it last week and I've been having problems with my signal ever since. That would (uhm) be all.

1.3 What's up with my mobile data signal lately. My subscription is registered for 4G connectivity but here on my phone I'm only getting a weak 3G signal on for a good couple of days. Is this what I'm paying you for?

1.4 I'm calling right now from a Wi-Fi network because my roaming has been activated but there is zero signal on my smart-phone. I tried everything since I've arrived at the airport, but I can't get it working. Could you help me find a solution quickly?

1.5 Could you try and explain to me why my phone signal is dead even though I made sure to activate my roaming option before leaving abroad? This is very serious and I need a solution as soon as possible.

1.6 OK, so I am able to call someone, no problem. But I can't turn on my mobile data at all. The signal is really weak for some reason. This is the first time that this has happened to me. What's going on here?

1.7 I can't seem to get good reception when I enter the subway station or when I'm traveling underground. It only comes back up when I come up to the surface. Sometimes the signal cuts off entirely.

1.8 I can't handle this poor signal anymore. I can't call anyone without my call being dropped as soon as I reach them. No phone signal, no mobile data, no nothing. Do something about it, will you.

1.9 I dropped my phone somehow and I can't receive any signal on it whatsoever. Only my Wi-Fi connection is working, but anything else is completely dead. I tried my best fixing it, but I think I'm gonna have to send it to service.

1.10 Is your network experiencing high amounts of traffic, or am I having trouble with my phone? My call quality has dropped quite a lot. I can't talk to anyone right now, because they can't understand me at all. is there anything you can do to help me?

2. Blocking a phone number.

2.1 This is urgent. I need my phone number blocked, right now. The number is (+40)0768869413. Someone stole my phone earlier today. I need it blocked as soon as possible.

2.2 Is my phone number blocked right now? I can't make any calls and my INTERNET data is down. Is this because of my late subscription payments, or is it something else?

2.3 Is my phone number blocked because I haven't recharged my SIM card in a while? I haven't received any warning until now I don't know what to do about it.

2.4 I want my phone number blocked, please. My friends and family have been receiving strange calls and messages from my number, but it wasn't me sending them. 

2.5 Block my phone number, please. It was stolen and reported to the police today. My number is (+40)0768869413. Is there anything else I should do in this situation?

2.6 Could you check if my SIM-card phone number is currently blocked? Do I need to refill my SIM credit or is there something else here? I can't make calls, I can't send text messages, and my mobile data is deactivated.

2.7 Have my phone number blocked. I'm seeing some suspicious activity in my call logs. Strange people are calling me all the time. This needs to stop. My phone number is (+40)0768869413.

2.8 Will my phone number be blocked if I don't refill my SIM-card? I'm asking because I'm running out of credit and I need to know what I should do.

2.9 Could you please tell me what's the standard procedure when it comes to blocking a phone number?

2.10 (Uhm)I'm calling because I need you to block my phone number. I'm (uhm) sure that someone stole it today. Should I block my phone number or ask for some sort of tracking? You can track the phone if it was stolen, right?