1. SIM failed recharge.

1.1 I've recharged my SIM earlier today but nothing happened at all. I still can't make calls and I don't have any mobile data available. What's wrong? 

1.2 My SIM has no credit left and after I've recharged it there is still nothing on it. Can you help me to figure out what's going wrong here?

1.3 Why is it taking so long for my SIM credit to update after I have recharged it. Shouldn't it happen immediately? Your services are really not like how you've been marketing them. You know that? Countless other people experience this and you don't do anything to help us.

1.4 I'm kind of pissed off that my SIM isn't recharging immediately after I pay for it. Other providers don't seem to have this issue, just you. So, tell me, why is that?

1.5 Your SIM services really are a joke, you know that? How on earth am I supposed to refill my SIM credit if you keep declining my requests. Every time I try to do this my payment gets denied for no good reason. I'm waiting for a good explanation.

2. Larger sum for the monthly bill/invoice.

2.1 I've been charged an extra amount on my last invoice. Why is that? I don't normally experience this and don't exceed my monthly plan on a regular basis.

2.2 Every invoice that I have received in the last 6 months had extra charges attached to it. Could you explain why is that?

2.3 Why are you charging me extra for? My bills always exceed what I'm supposed to pay you. This month I've been charged 10 EUROS/DOLLARS/POUNDS extra for no reason.

2.4 Why am I seeing extra charges on my bills lately? This can't be right, I'm sure of it. There is no way that I'm supposed to pay that much money for my services.

2.5 I'm seeing extra charges on my bills and invoices coming from you. Sometimes I have to pay double the amount that I'm supposed to for no good reason whatsoever. Now, why is that?

3. Service resignation.

3.1 I want to cancel my subscription to you and any other related services that I have in my contract. What's the procedure when something like this takes place?

3.2 That's it, I'm done paying you. I want my contract resigned as soon as possible. Tell me what do I have to do in order to finish with this quickly.

3.3 I don't want to extend my contract for another year. I think I'll switch to a SIM card or something. What exactly do I need to make this happen? Do I need to go to a store or can I do this right now on the phone? What documents do I need for this?

3.4 What do I have to do in order to cancel my current contract. I refuse to pay you any more after everything that has happened lately. There have been extra charges, faulty services and weak signal reception. I haven't received any significant discount from you considering the fact that I've been a client for over 5 years. Don't try to find any excuses or to lure me in, I'm not buying it this time.

3.5 Could you please help me with something related to my contract. I want to cancel it, unfortunately. I'll leave the country in a couple of weeks and I no longer need your services. Thank you for understanding.

4. Swapping from a subscription to a SIM (PrePaid) card.

4.1 Is it possible for me to change from a yearly subscription service to a SIM card? If so, tell me what I have to do in order to make it happen.

4.2 Would you kindly tell me about how can I cancel my current plan and transfer my number to a prepaid SIM card?

4.3 My plan is about to expire soon and I want to port my number to a SIM card instead. A prepaid card to be more exact. Is it possible? What is the standard procedure for something like this?

4.4 I want to change from a monthly/yearly subscription to a prepaid SIM card. Could you help me with that?

4.5	I really wish to port my number to a prepaid card, if possible. Do you know if I can do that with my current contract?